docs: add note about migration in #11098 to Changelog (#11256)
apache/superset: UPDATING.md

* [11244](https://github.com/apache/incubator-superset/pull/11244): The `REDUCE_DASHBOARD_BOOTSTRAP_PAYLOAD` feature flag has been removed after being set to True for multiple months.

> * [11098](https://github.com/apache/incubator-superset/pull/11098): includes a database migration that adds a column caled `uuid` to all models, and updates the `Dashboard.position_json` column to also have UUIDs of charts. Depending on the number of objects the migration might take up to 3-4 minutes, requiring planning for the downtime.

Reviewer: NIT: "to all models" -> "to some models" (?)

Reviewer 2: nit: I'm no native speaker, but the two "the"'s in the last sentence seems not necessary?

> * [11098](https://github.com/apache/incubator-superset/pull/11098): includes a database migration that adds a column caled `uuid` to all models, and updates the `Dashboard.position_json` column to also have UUIDs of charts. Depending on the number of objects the migration might take up to 3-4 minutes, requiring planning for the downtime.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [11098](https://github.com/apache/incubator-superset/pull/11098): includes a database migration that adds a `uuid` column to most models, and updates `Dashboard.position_json` to include chart UUIDs. Depending on number of objects, the migration may take up to 5 minutes, requiring planning for downtime.
```
